@uportal/dashboard-carousel/README.md, before:

# Dashboard Carousel

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@uportal/dashboard-carousel.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@uportal/dashboard-carousel)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.webjars.npm/uportal__dashboard-carousel/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.webjars.npm/uportal__dashboard-carousel)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uPortal-contrib/uPortal-web-components.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/uPortal-contrib/uPortal-web-components)

## Installation

```bash
# install with npm
npm install @uportal/dashboard-carousel

# install with yarn
yarn add @uportal/dashboard-carousel
```

_install with maven_

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.webjars.npm</groupId>
    <artifactId>uportal__dashboard-carousel</artifactId>
    <version>{version number goes here}</version>
</dependency>
```

_install with gradle_

```gradle
compile 'org.webjars.npm:uportal__dashboard-carousel:{version number goes here}'
```

## Usage

```html
<!-- this uses the unpkg cdn, this could alternatively use resource server as a cdn -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/vue"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@uportal/dashboard-carousel"></script>

<dashboard-carousel></dashboard-carousel>
```

### Options

- `debug` (optional, boolean, default false): when enabled debug mode skips oauth authentication.
- `layout-api-url` (optional, string, default: "/uPortal/api/v4-3/dlm/layout.json"): url to layout for carousel to use.

Commit message:

docs(dashboard-carousel): document the region attribute

@uportal/dashboard-carousel/README.md, after:

# Dashboard Carousel

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@uportal/dashboard-carousel.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@uportal/dashboard-carousel)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.webjars.npm/uportal__dashboard-carousel/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.webjars.npm/uportal__dashboard-carousel)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uPortal-contrib/uPortal-web-components.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/uPortal-contrib/uPortal-web-components)

## Installation

```bash
# install with npm
npm install @uportal/dashboard-carousel

# install with yarn
yarn add @uportal/dashboard-carousel
```

_install with maven_

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.webjars.npm</groupId>
    <artifactId>uportal__dashboard-carousel</artifactId>
    <version>{version number goes here}</version>
</dependency>
```

_install with gradle_

```gradle
compile 'org.webjars.npm:uportal__dashboard-carousel:{version number goes here}'
```

## Usage

```html
<!-- this uses the unpkg cdn, this could alternatively use resource server as a cdn -->
<script src="https://unpkg.com/vue"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@uportal/dashboard-carousel"></script>

<dashboard-carousel></dashboard-carousel>
```

### Options

- `debug` (optional, boolean, default: false): when enabled debug mode skips oauth authentication.
- `layout-api-url` (optional, string, default: "/uPortal/api/v4-3/dlm/layout.json"): url to layout for carousel to use.
- `region` (optional, string, default: "dashboard"): name of the region in the layout that should be displayed.
